[CC 1.0.0] Updating CC docs covering QSG and concept docs [Master] (#5033)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway.md

  
Choreo Connect supports the following OpenAPI Extensions. You can use these extensions to override information with regard to API specifications.
  
   | Extension                         | Description                                                                                                            | Required/ Optional             |
   |-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|

>    | `x-wso2-basePath`                 | Base path that the gateway exposes the API.                                                                            | Optional → API level only      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `x-wso2-basePath`                 | Base path that the Gateway uses to expose the API.                                                                            | Optional → API level only      |
```

   | `x-wso2-production-endpoints`     | Specifies the actual backend of the service.                                                                           | Optional → API/Resource level  |
   | `x-wso2-sandbox-endpoints`        | Specifies the sandbox endpoint of the service if available.                                                            | Optional → API/Resource level  |
   | `x-wso2-throttling-tier`          | Specifies the rate limiting for the API or resource.                                                                  | Optional → API/Resource level  |-->
   | `x-wso2-cors`                     | Specifies the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) configuration for the API.                                          | Optional → API level only      |
   | `x-wso2-disable-security`         | Enables the resource to be invoked without authentication.                                                             | Optional → API/Resource level  |

>    | `x-wso2-auth-header`              | Specify the authorization header for the API in which either bearer or basic token is sent                             | Optional → API level only  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `x-wso2-auth-header`              | Specify the authorization header for the API to which either bearer or basic token is sent                             | Optional → API level only  |
```
